README.md, before:

# rMAPI

This is (recent) fork of the original [rMAPI](https://github.com/juruen/rmapi)
which is now [unmantained](https://github.com/juruen/rmapi/discussions/313).
While I won't claim that I will keep this up-to-date, I will try to do my best
*until a good alternative* is out there.  I have a big library of books and
having a CLI tool to manage it (instead of impractical GUI) is kind of a
must-have.

# Install

## From sources

Install and build the project:

```
git clone https://github.com/mvaled/rmapi
cd rmapi
go install
```

# Environment variables

- `RMAPI_CONFIG`: filepath used to store authentication tokens. When not set, rmapi uses the file `.rmapi` in the home directory of the current user.
- `RMAPI_TRACE=1`: enable trace logging.
- `RMAPI_USE_HIDDEN_FILES=1`: use and traverse hidden files/directories (they are ignored by default).
- `RMAPI_THUMBNAILS`: generate a thumbnail of the first page of a pdf document
- `RMAPI_AUTH`: override the default authorization url
- `RMAPI_DOC`: override the default document storage url
- `RMAPI_HOST`: override all urls
- `RMAPI_CONCURRENT`: sync15: maximum number of goroutines/http requests to use (default: 20)

Commit message:

Add 'RMAPI_CACHE_DIR' environment var.
If find this useful to avoid messing with my "stable" cache while developing
here.

README.md, after:

# rMAPI

This is (recent) fork of the original [rMAPI](https://github.com/juruen/rmapi)
which is now [unmantained](https://github.com/juruen/rmapi/discussions/313).
While I won't claim that I will keep this up-to-date, I will try to do my best
*until a good alternative* is out there.  I have a big library of books and
having a CLI tool to manage it (instead of impractical GUI) is kind of a
must-have.

# Install

## From sources

Install and build the project:

```
git clone https://github.com/mvaled/rmapi
cd rmapi
go install
```

# Environment variables

- `RMAPI_CONFIG`: filepath used to store authentication tokens. When not set,
  rmapi uses the file `.rmapi` in the home directory of the current user.

- `RMAPI_TRACE=1`: enable trace logging.

- `RMAPI_USE_HIDDEN_FILES=1`: use and traverse hidden files/directories (they
  are ignored by default).

- `RMAPI_THUMBNAILS`: generate a thumbnail of the first page of a pdf document

- `RMAPI_AUTH`: override the default authorization url

- `RMAPI_DOC`: override the default document storage url

- `RMAPI_HOST`: override all urls

- `RMAPI_CONCURRENT`: sync15: maximum number of goroutines/http requests to
  use (default: 20)

- `RMAPI_CACHE_DIR`: the directory where the cached files are placed.

  Defaults to a directory `rmapi` inside the user's cache directory (e.g
  `$HOME/.cache/rmapi`).
